c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe.config
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.baml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.g.cs
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.g.cs
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindowResources.baml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.baml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.g.resources
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Strings.resources
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe.config
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.baml
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.g.cs
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.g.cs
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindowResources.baml
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.baml
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.g.resources
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Strings.resources
C:\Users\jimi\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe.config
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindowResources.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.g.resources
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Strings.resources
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe.config
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\bin\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\MainWindowResources.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\AllStockView.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\View\StockView.baml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.g.resources
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.Strings.resources
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.exe
C:\Users\gawlorob\Desktop\EQ_Dev\EQ_Dev\EQDevApplication\obj\Debug\EQDevApplication.pdb
